Updated Connection Diagram for Playmates, Added diff between them and Fixed Typos (#105)
upsidedownlabs/docs.upsidedownlabs.tech: hardware/bioamp/bioamp-exg-pill/index.rst

Visualizing the EMG signals
----------------------------

> For visualizing the EMG signals, use `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech/>`__ for quick and hassle free real-time biopotential signal visualization right from your browser, without installing any software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For visualizing the EMG signals, use `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech/>`__ for quick and hassle-free real-time bio-potential signal visualization right from your browser, without installing any software.
```

Visualizing the ECG signals
-----------------------------

> For visualizing the ECG signals, use `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech/>`__ for quick and hassle free real-time biopotential signal visualization right from your browser, without installing any software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For visualizing the ECG signals, use `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech/>`__ for quick and hassle-free real-time bio-potential signal visualization right from your browser, without installing any software.
```

Visualizing the EOG signals
------------------------------

> For visualizing the EOG signals, use `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech/>`__ for quick and hassle free real-time biopotential signal visualization right from your browser, without installing any software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For visualizing the EOG signals, use `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech/>`__ for quick and hassle-free real-time bio-potential signal visualization right from your browser, without installing any software.
```
